update ap to mention normalization (#18)
thesis20/report: sections/experiments/datasets.tex

To calculate MAP, the first step is to calculate the \textit{Average Precision} (AP).
This measure takes each relevant item and calculates precision in relation to the position of the item in the recommendation set.
This is defined in \autoref{eq:averageprecision}, where $P(r)$ is the precision at the $r^{th}$ item and $rel(r)$ is an indicator that the item was relevant, taking the value of either 1 if relevant, or 0 if not.

> The denominator used for the calculation is normalized to be the smaller of either the length of the list, the $N$ value, or the number of relevant items in case the user has few observed ratings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The denominator used for the calculation is normalized to be the smaller of either the length of the list, the $N$ value, or the number of relevant items in case the user has less than $N$ observed ratings.
```
